hey guys what's up stalking fierce and
today i bring you a gado-gado a battle
against Jason 4355 for the killer
natural 7500 a subscriber Mona color
tournament and I lead out with a hippo
hungry hungry hippo anything's up wit
we've all which is kinda predictable
because it's the only good lead-in on
the black pool of choices for pokemon
and I gone to Matt ugly I was really
debating between singing and
earth-quaking or just going into matt
ugly because i know that snow ice is
gonna come out by the way guys I did
pick the color brown so yeah I go for
the Fire Blast and then I hit up the
explosion because I know small ice is
going to be a pain in the ass a little
bit actually not really i really don't
know why i went for the explosion was
just kind of cool oh hey Trent is like
basically the only thing that completely
wolves weave out other than Infernape
and infernape is rather fragile so I
kind of think it was a misplay anyway so
I go into dmac here because I realized
looking at the black box that team at
can basically be out any poke black
Pokemon in a in a you know cuz cuz aight
cuz the ape you know Pizza rogue black
people I don't know how that works um
sorry he's gonna go for the explosion
I'm gonna go to I flag on and live it I
really was expecting her power but
whatever i take the explosion um i was a
bound to extreme speed but I realized
he's probably gonna ice shard so I just
switch out when it makes nice playing
goes for the pursuit and I got to dmacc
and um he is going to predict a fire
move and go to his hon doom and I go for
the Mach punch and that's obviously
gonna oco-2 hon doom even without rocks
because stab my punch Infernape is beast
so now he goes into his umbreon and i
don't know why i'm not sure if a close
combat can kill so i go for the u-turn
straightaway this one through one-third
um and he goes for the mean look I'm
embarrassed I'm because I wasn't
planning on switching out anyway the
church brown & M bear is green because
he's shiny but Chinese don't count in
this tournament um
so I go straight for the clothes clamp
close combat knowing that it will kill
at this up at this amount of HP and I
didn't want to go to four sources just
in case that his payback does more than
expected because embrace and you and I
don't really this is the first time I've
ever use are you stirring and when I
apologize there I accidentally click my
keyboard um so he's going to go to dust
Moyer and I'm gonna go for the crunch
that's gonna do um let's say to
two-thirds something like that it was a
lot of damage I'm more than I expected
and um kind of liking this useful ring
anyway the reason why you doing it
because he has a great mood pool against
a black pokémon and he can outspeed
every black Pope one in the game after
he gets his quick feet activated so i go
for the crunch and it's gonna be a 2k on
the dust nor after sansome and toxic I
am unfortunately going to die which is a
not good whatsoever because you know who
wants to die so let's see here i am
going to go into dmac because i know he
has a tweet vile and i go for the mock
punch and that's good game Jason 3544
355 so anyway guys have have a happy
Valentine's Day be safe okay enjoy
battle seeing Ron